README.md, before:

# treeSharp
A fake tree program to fool tech scammers.

## What is it?

treeSharp is a fake tree command that, when a letter is pressed on the keyboard, slows down by 25ms per line. Once 20 characters have been entered, it stops and says "System clean. No viruses or hackers detected.".

The name comes from the original program (tree) and the flavour of C this is written in: sharp. Such comes treeSharp.

## Versions

Two versions of treeSharp are available:
### Normal
Normal does not output what "reverse" does.

### "Reverse"
The "reverse" version prints out what the scammer typed in while treeSharp was running, and prints it out in reverse. Then, it prints the 'whateverthehackertypedin' was not found as a command (et al.) on a fake `C:\>` prompt.

## Installation

#### Taking ownership of and renaming tree
1. Download the release of your choices.
2. Open a file explorer window and go to `C:\Windows\System32`. Then, select a single file and type in `tree`. That should take you to the tree file.
3. Right click it and select Properties...
4. Click the security tab
5. Click Advanced...
6. Change the owner to yourself
7. Apply and close
8. Click Administrators (`YOUR-PC-NAME\Administrators`) in Group or user names
9. Click Edit...
10. Click Administrators again
11. Tick Full control at the bottom
12. Apply and close this window and the properties window
13. Right click on tree and rename it to something like `tree-ori`.

#### Adding our app
14. Grab your version of treeSharp, and drag it into this folder
15. Right click on treeSharp, and rename it to `tree`.

Done!

## Usage

Once following the installation steps, just open cmd and type `tree` and press enter.

## Differences between the real tree and treeSharp

- The real tree actually shows real stuff from your computer
- Much smaller (ours is about 4MB the original is 4KB)
- While scammers can type into treeSharp, each character they type makes the lines 25ms slower each.
- Once 20 characters are typed into treeSharp, it will stop and either 
  - Normal: just stop
  - treeSharp Reverse: prints out what the scammer typed in tree, in reverse, in a fake tree prompt. See screenshots for examples.

Commit message:

Bug fixes
- treeSharp will only output when cmd is in the C:\ directory. You can use /g to get around this.
- Now, when a scammer types a letter, it's visible on the left, but doesn't offset the rest of the characters
- Fixed a bug where if you typed quickly it would skip a line between each letter
- Embedded the fake tree in the exe

README.md, after:

# treeSharp
A fake tree program to fool tech scammers.

## What is it?

treeSharp is a fake tree command that, when a letter is pressed on the keyboard, slows down by 25ms per line. Once 200 characters have been entered, it stops and says "System clean. No viruses or hackers detected.".

The name comes from the original program (tree) and the flavour of C this is written in: sharp. Such comes treeSharp.

## Installation

#### Taking ownership of and renaming tree
1. Download the release of your choices.
2. Open a file explorer window and go to `C:\Windows\System32`. Then, select a single file and type in `tree`. That should take you to the tree file.
3. Right click it and select Properties...
4. Click the security tab
5. Click Advanced...
6. Change the owner to yourself
7. Apply and close
8. Click Administrators (`YOUR-PC-NAME\Administrators`) in Group or user names
9. Click Edit...
10. Click Administrators again
11. Tick Full control at the bottom
12. Apply and close this window and the properties window
13. Right click on tree and rename it to something like `tree-ori`.

#### Adding our app
14. Grab the treeSharp.exe file from releases, and drag it into this folder (System32)
15. Right click on treeSharp, and rename it to `tree`.

Done!

## Usage

Once following the installation steps, just open cmd and type `tree` and press enter.

## Differences between the real tree and treeSharp

- The real tree actually shows real stuff from your computer
- Much smaller (ours is about 4MB the original is 4KB)
- While scammers can type into treeSharp, each character they type makes the lines 25ms slower.
- Once 200 characters are typed into treeSharp, it will stop and print out what the scammer typed in tree, in reverse, in a fake tree prompt. See screenshots for examples.
